release note for 1.57.1 rpm/debian bug fix (#3675)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/release-notes/index.mdx

Looking for release notes older than 1.44.0? Look in the [release notes archive](/docs/release-notes/archive). Looking to be [notified of new releases?](/docs/operate/roadmap/releases#release-notifications) <span class="not-prose no-underline"><a class="ml-2" href="/docs/releases.xml"><i class="fas fa-xs fa-rss text-orange-700 text-2xl" width="50px" /></a></span>

<ReleaseNoteHeading version='1.57.1' releaseDate='April 22, 2025' />

### Fixed

> * <Issue issue="xxxx">

Reviewer: Here's the issue: https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-issues/issues/3013

Looking for release notes older than 1.44.0? Look in the [release notes archive](/docs/release-notes/archive). Looking to be [notified of new releases?](/docs/operate/roadmap/releases#release-notifications) <span class="not-prose no-underline"><a class="ml-2" href="/docs/releases.xml"><i class="fas fa-xs fa-rss text-orange-700 text-2xl" width="50px" /></a></span>

<ReleaseNoteHeading version='1.57.1' releaseDate='April 22, 2025' />

### Fixed
* <Issue issue="3013">
    In version `1.56.0`, a bug was introduced that caused FusionAuth to fail to start after being installed using RPM and Debian packages.
  </Issue>

<GeneralMigrationWarning>
  The following only applies if you have manually installed fusionauth using the RPM or Debian packages. When upgrading from releases prior to `1.57.1`, you must ensure that both the `fusionauth-app` and `fusionauth-search` services are stopped. This is typically done by running the following command:

  ```bash
  sudo systemctl stop fusionauth-app fusionauth-search
  ```

>   The upgrade will make a usermod modification to the fusionauth user so both processes must be stopped in order for the upgrade to succeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The upgrade will run a `usermod` command to modify the `fusionauth` user account so both processes must be stopped in order for the upgrade to succeed.
```
